(1 point) Explain what the term parallel arrays means.
(2 points) Explain how the try/catch block works.
(1 point) Describe what your program does in the event of a "file not found" exception.
(1 point) Show where you read the width and height from the file.
(1 point) Explain what the Scanner class is used for.
(1 point) Show where you read the first number in each line.
(1 point) Show how you allocate space for the X and Y arrays.
(2 points) Show where you read the (x,y) coordinates from the file and put them in the arrays.
(1 point) Demonstrate that your program prompts the user to enter a file name, via a popup dialog box.
(1 point) Demonstrate that your program produces the correct output for square.txt.
(1 point) Demonstrate that your program produces the correct output for triangles.txt.
(1 point) Demonstrate that your program produces the correct output for cis202.txt.
(1 point) Demonstrate that your program produces the correct output for happyface.txt.
(1 point) Demonstrate that your program produces the correct output for the super.txt.
(1 point) Show that each major section of the program is commented.
(1 point) Show that your source code is neatly and consistently indented.
(1 point) Show that all your variable and method names start with a lowercase letter.
(1 point) Show that all your class names start with an uppercase letter.
-------------------------------------------------------
TOTAL: 20 points

Extras:
(+2 points) EXTRA CREDIT: Create your own input file, and email it to Bro. Draper. (2 points if your design is his favorite.)
(+2 points) EXTRA CREDIT: Make it so your pictures scale cleanly when you resize the window. For this to work, you cannot ignore the first line of the file!
(+2 points) EXTRA CREDIT: Instead of the user entering the filename in a JOptionPane box, pop up a JFileChooser box and let the user select the file directly.
(+2 points) EXTRA CREDIT: If the user supplies the filename as a command-line parameter, do not show a popup window prompting for the filename at runtime. If there is no command-line parameter, show the popup as usual.
(+1 point) EARLY BIRD BONUS: if you submit your code and video to Canvas at least 1 day before the due date.