RUBRIC:
In your video, you must:

(1 point) Show that both Sprite and Room implement the Drawable interface.
(1 point) Demonstrate that your program renders all graphics as "drawables" not as sprites and rooms.
(2 points) Demonstrate that you're using a static field for the room size instead of a literal value.
(2 points) Show where you declare a field to keep track of how many stones David has.
(2 points) Explain how you detect collisions between David and the stones.
(2 points) Explain how you detect collisions between David and Goliath.
(2 points) Explain how you make the stones disappear when David touches them.
(2 points) Demonstrate that the correct message dialogs are shown for winning and losing the game.
(2 points) Demonstrate that when the game restarts, David is unarmed and the stones are back in their starting rooms.
(1 point) Show that each major section of the program is commented.
(1 point) Show that your source code is neatly and consistently indented.
(1 point) Show that all your variable and method names start with a lowercase letter.
(1 point) Show that all your class names start with an uppercase letter.
-------------------------------------------------------
TOTAL: 20 points

Extra:
(+1 point) EARLY BIRD BONUS: if you submit your code and video to Canvas at least 1 day before the due date.
(+5 points) EXTRA CREDIT: Add sound effects to the game.
(+3 points) EXTRA CREDIT: Override the equals method in the Sprite class so that two sprites are equal iff they are in the same room. Use your newly-created equals method when you check if David touches a stone, or meets Goliath.
(+10 points) EXTRA CREDIT: Make Goliath move on his own! Have him move to an adjacent room every second. (See the API documentation for TimerLinks to an external site..)
(+10 points) EXTRA CREDIT: In addition to the above, have Goliath move intelligently, so that each second he moves closer to David.
(+5 points) EXTRA CREDIT: When the game restarts, randomize the positions of the 5 stones, of David, and of Goliath. Ensure that no two sprites start in the same cell.
(+5 points) EXTRA CREDIT: When the game restarts, randomize the doorways. Ensure that the game is still consistently playable.